all right and we are recording welcome
everybody to our February 18th GS core
dev team weekly sing up we're gonna talk
about what we've been working on what we
will be working on and what we are
blocked on and I will go ahead and kick
things off Jay as - this tour so release
an update to the s3 datastore to make it
easier to configure as three repos
before you had to do a bit of
configuration which was kind of annoying
um so that is now easier than the
example has been updated in the repo for
that we also added that to the ipfs NPM
registry mirror on that alex is doing
some work on also got the initial
release of pull in Plex done currently
working on running that up the chain
I've got a work-in-progress pull
requests for JSI PFS tests are passing
there so I'm just working on Interop
test suite right now to make sure
everything is good with go so hopefully
we'll have that ready to go this week I
have to do migrating some stuff over
from Travis if you are working on the
Jas ID of things and you have projects
and you're working on them make sure to
get those migrated over to Travis at
your earliest convenience you can follow
along with the ipfs asier
ticket number to see what's going on
there and see what stuff's already been
worked on today also released a fix for
the PDP circuit where the source and the
destination pure validation wasn't
really happening um so that should be
improved now so if you have any issues
let me know this week kind of finish up
the poll in Plex release for JSI PFS and
then I will likely look at working on
the listen announced no announce address
lists for Lippe to be configuration on
you can see the issue in there go has
the ability already for I
if s to be able to specify your actual
listen addresses which is super
convenient if you're running inside like
a docker container or on a z2 instance
and you want to run behind the ELB you
can actually specify that you're
listening or you can announce on the ELB
and though you're not technically
listening on it which is super helpful
so we've been running into some issues
with that and we'll need it for the
Lippe to be testing environments so I
will probably work on that and then work
on getting that integrated with JSI PFS
so that is compatible with go does
anybody have any questions for me
No all right next up Alan
but I found it okay hi everyone
nice to see you I'm here I didn't mean
to be here but I've got my dates wrong
anyway
I what we're done I okay first of all
Travis sorry
Jenkins went away rather abruptly and we
switched to Travis and so I did quest to
do that for the HTTP client then I
updated a couple of examples for the
HTTP client because they're really out
of date and I didn't realize and I think
that was part of something else I was
doing but I just noticed it oh I do it
was the stuff that was working on last
week you know how if I put it in the
test profile and I think I can't
remember what it what I did but anyway I
found out there our date sorry yeah fix
the month okay so we renamed the HTTP
client module a while ago now and we
took a snapshot of the people who who
were currently depending on it and at
the moment there's a whole bunch of
people we were depending on the old
version so I made a little script to
grab to take that data or that snapshot
data and turn it into a bunch of like
maintain as github user names who we
consider to be the maintainer because it
so we get reposed but they are not you
can't just grab the oh the great I've
using that amount of them always because
sometimes they're an org and so what the
script does is it if it's a github user
then that's cool they're probably the
maintainer for that particular package
but if they are if it's an org it looks
at the contribution stats for that
particular repo and sees who's done the
most commits and they're probably the
maintainer as per that's good but if
anyone has any other suggestions on that
then I am open to open to hearing them
because that was just a metric I made up
and so yeah we can we've now got a list
of people who wish you're probably
paying more send a pull request to but
the important thing is we know who they
are
and we know what repo is that currently
depends on it and it takes out all of
the ones that have updated since the
snapshot were taken so that's all good
cool debugging an issue with Jess have
you assessed no it's not being able to
yeah okay so this is a real big blocker
at the moment and JSI be fascinated
currently can't get content from other
J's IVFs nodes or any other ipfs nodes
for that matter the something some
exchanged and it looks to me as though
the like bit swap in on the on go up
your fest nodes that are operating as
the preload nodes is currently not
sending back things or blocks that it
has even because what chairside BFS does
is it sends an api could recall two refs
to say refs with this particular cid and
then the go ipfs node would respond and
say yep got it but then we rely on the
WebSocket connection and bits walk to
actually transfer that information
between the nodes and what I'm seeing is
that that connection is open and I see
us communicating our want list and I see
the preload node communicating its want
this to us but I don't see any blocks
coming in and so that seems to be the
issue because we're not getting things
that we asked for even though they are
on the preload nodes so something's
changed and I open an issue for it
anyway so that's a quarter debugging
well I'm really but I've just found out
what the problem seems to be so anyway I
think that needs some go people there's
some help from the go people and that
side I started I started work on a on
implicit which is a kind of async
iterators implementation of M Plex
because call em Plex exists now this is
way easier because it's way easier to
look at the pool
koan and figure out what's going on but
yeah I so I just made a quick started on
it over the weekend actually and it's
currently so currently uses vo to avoid
unnecessary buffer can cats which is
good because I'm getting buffers
together it takes a long time and I did
an experiment using so variance we use
that quite a lot too so to encode and
decode things but it needs a it's meant
to be to be given a buffer but I'm
giving it a BL instead and I'm using a
proxy to to get the so it like variant
only asks like for the length property
and like the square bracket kind of zero
one like the bytes of the particular
buffer and Bo exposes the method could
get which allows you to get bytes and
index so we use a proxy to get
particular bites out of BL which is kind
of fun and but I figured that might be
concatenate but it's just fun experiment
and it works which is rad
because I have now got a encoder and
decoder and like a bushing based encoder
and decoder have taken the pull em Plex
tests and they and kind of reject them a
little bit but they pass for for this
the encoding decoder is basically taking
is like the end in parts that the when
the data comes in and when it goes back
out to the connection so that's kind of
step one I guess so
yeah and then I was eventually I guess
going to build it as this kind of async
iterator thing but put like a kind of
pull stream facade on it so that it can
just be put in and we can do like
benchmarks or we'll just switch it out
really easily but that is a way away but
yeah just to say a side work on it okay
that was really long sorry I'm blocked
on that bits what thing I was talking
about
and I am not in on myself first day this
week so I feel like she got tomorrow to
do more work so I would be doing more
work on em exit or the CEO TV one base
ready to work that's me thank you very
much for listening
any questions
No all right awesome think so
next Volker so I mostly spend my time in
the IPL de world but the interesting
bits for people also in this meeting is
I've created a tool called tech builder
which is you describe your deck in a
text file and in crates then the deck
for you in does the linking and hashing
and the links match with the hashes and
so on so yeah and so if we ever need to
experiment with some deck stuff it might
be useful then I first create a tool to
get a graph with visualization out of
your day because it's also what I needed
for the bugging it's pretty simple and
then I work on me
so my main work is on the IPA the
selectors stuff which I've created a
repository so that's really work in
progress but if anyone wants to check
out what's going on there and just to
get out and see but crazy things we're
doing and I'm not blocked and hopefully
next week I am not fully into the
selector stuff so I can finally get this
I is I feel the API change merged
hopefully yeah that's all
question just can I try and answer
myself
didn't Michael fry to today something
really similar to just generate
arbitrary tags something seem to
remember I'm mentioning it I wanted you
I guess like almost everyone that's like
everyone working on IP LD did some
random things so and I hope that yeah
Ed's for this also graph the other thing
but it also didn't really work for me so
anyway yeah so it's I hope that bank
bill there will be the thing and I don't
know we'll see now we have 17 standard
yes exactly but one of those is mine
under what circumstances would I have my
dad in a text file and how how does it
get there yeah so basically yes so the
idea is that M L unless you were
building the Explorer for example the
ipod explorer we probably had the
problem of you don't have a deck to test
it on so the idea is not really big so
busy it's truly still one way thing so
it's not that you create text file out
of your deck but it's really you do some
testing and you need some weird shaped
deck somehow and before basically pit in
those see things manually then copy and
paste the CDs so you link them properly
and so on and you can just put them in a
in a file the structure and then it will
figure out the CDs automatically until
thinking and everything and you don't
have to care upon it basic that's the
idea I see oh it's for testing I'll play
around I get okay and my second question
graph is how does that differ from like
the you know in the IP LD Explorer in
the one that's in the web UI how does
that differ from what's in that one it
works no no there's the problem with me
like in the FBI stuff it somehow didn't
always work for me that well and also if
you really want to see the full graph so
the big score you can click through
things but if you really want to have a
bigger one you want to see the full
shape for example then em you can use at
the graph with thing but three is super
simple scriptures - you get an idea of
the data and also what it does is so you
write a function which then tells you
which properties to use as a name for
the node so you get a structure of a
thing without all the properties and
everything but again it was more just
like a quick heck and I think that might
be used for someone else so I just
published it but it's not really like
that properly supported - what is it a
graph is a channel right it's no it's
it's a graph with file so it's like a
custom formats thing that's a text file
so it's like a s key s key graph
language C okay the output and then use
the graph list to to visualize it so it
was just creating the graph with text
file out of an IP LD peg awesome all
right next up wash flow
hello everyone and so I got some
progress on interrupt during the last
days most importantly I shipped today
the HP go dependency which is in the NPM
Dola - to pay the repo IRA's support for
Linux Mac OS and Windows binaries then I
also got ready today to interrupt test
setup and the connection for request
then to Jacob will soon review and then
I got some fixes or improvements in both
Liberty J's lab experiment and just like
a speed demon client for making
everything work in danger oxides then I
also got Liberty Vegas observe initial
implementation reviews I provided a lot
of feedback to my dear she
so that she had some movements in the PR
I have not checked but maybe she already
fixed everything there it's a report but
I will try to have another look this way
then there was a problem with the
defaults for the lipids become fake and
the DHT was not being disabled in
browser now I have also a fear for that
and for this week I went to debug the
CPU usage really high in Jessica fesai I
started looking area to last week and
basically I think the problem is when
the republish of IDNs puts data to the
DHT but I need to go deeper in the code
base in order to understand why and I
will do this this week then I also went
to migrate to other APIs which I'm the
Libman tenor to use Travis CI and
hopefully start adding the HG interrupt
tests and also add observe support for
the demon client and the treatment that
we currently do not have one final note
I will not be available on Thursday
afternoon and on Friday so so if you
guys need anything from me
it's just ping me before that and that's
it for me any questions
next question next up who go you guys
so last week spent all of the week in
London with the London crew was great
really fun time so our work cut and most
of it was rather it to the mouth to
Travis
fixing problems with some ripples and
more problematic like the lead p2p and
JSA PFS repo almost all of its God Souls
we are only missing the windows brought
one in linkage P mmm
hopefully that will not be on our side
and it's something that the widow's
machine from travels is missing we will
get that sorted out as soon as you can
if you want to help out moving all the
repos to Travis you can check the link
you put there also did some work on
integrating the mesh marks into the new
Travis setup this is for now only for
the JSF FS repo we got into some some
issues the knee reform guys a bit oh the
old mesh mark stuff managed to solve
solve some of them so now I probably
I'll probably be able to finished
integration and finish the dashboard so
we get some nice comparison between the
performance from pull request and master
also we did a lot of conversations with
a few team about the benchmark set up
machines are we deploy stuff the pillow
lers bootstrappers making Jesse BFS
wineries so it's
easier for the infantry to deploy our
staff to the to the - there's
infrastructure and some actions got out
of it and we will follow up in the next
couple of weeks on diets and this week
I'm hoping to finish the bonuses PRS
during the bonuses decoration to
basically add an extra check to at least
some of the repos
so we make sure that we don't like
increase the window size by mistake I
just like changing a simple PR require
and ad size to the window size and also
finish the benchmarks now that's the the
API bug is fixed so that's basically it
anyone has any questions for me I don't
like quick question regarding move to
Travis should we allow Windows target to
fail there's like an option to mark
entire build as green even if a specific
sub build files so it depends on your
needs if by default we shall hope that
the windows the we know the tests
running in Windows will pass for now we
are only getting problems on lipika P
but more stuff can come up because the
windows VMs on Travis are still in beta
so yeah if you run into problems either
ping me first so
to see if we can fix them because some
of some stuff is already in the link I I
put there some stuff we already know
that Windows like breaks and we need we
have some workarounds for it but no
other stuff can come up and either we
allow it to fail
in the meantime or we try to find a way
to fix it
Aaron from the infra team as a conductor
on the Travis team we we have been
having some discussions about some stuff
so we can it's good to have some
feedback about it so we can tell them
that's stuff breaks and why ok
Helen can we I know in gitlab there was
an option to allow bill to fail can we
exist for Travis oh yes yes yes yes so
we could just add it to the Travis
config right yeah I'll have the config
or the Yamal block to the to this issue
on Asia
so people that people that find problems
we do Windows know how to add the allow
failure
option to their Travis country or
probably just to the readme where the
the instructions to I try these are one
of those spots all that that
documentation any other questions for go
next up Jane not much to say um is that
a pocket this past week and this
upcoming week going to tackled a story
FS here and Justin epr comments on the
JSI PFS that's it my questions rising
Tellis a I have a review in a tab that I
haven't submitted yet awesome it's
coming
right next
I know right so this would be we just
gone up women doing right so the first
thing was I investigated a memory leak
because everything seemed to be filling
up on MPO no ifs and it would fall over
after like half an hour turns out that
wasn't a memory leak good like great
news what was happening was writing all
this stuff to us three was taking too
long and so the pool stream was kind of
like the it was it was downloading all
the stuff from NPM and then having no
where to send it everything was just
buffering up in memory and eventually
the prices fell over so I just got it -
I just tuned it a bit and got it to be
less aggressive we're just downloading
and that willed that problem went away
so that is cool really good news a few
minor pr's started doing the Travis
migration in Phoenix fairs em FS rim
full log post all about the NPM on my
gfs registry and added some monitoring
too as well which is great we kind of
see what's going on inside they're not
brought to anything yeah so I'm gonna
finish off the Travis stuff and the
other thing I remain is really weird
I asked I spoke to Jacob and Basco about
it earlier last week was that it seems
that the PIAT the pub/sub doesn't work
for more than an hour on IBM on NPM anak
EFS which is really weird so I create a
you know just a little replica of it and
I haven't been able to replicate the
problem and I don't Reno how to debug it
either
so really appreciate a bit of help on
that gonna open an issue so that we can
talk about it but yeah very weird that
is going to be me so I'm away from
Wednesday and all next week and I'm back
the week following
it is it any questions no all right we
have a couple new foot Oh Alan sorry can
I get can we get a link to the they not
the the not memory leak that you fixed
link yeah that you said there was a
problem with the datastore instead no
there wasn't a fermented a distort the
problem was that it was pulling down
stuff from NPM too quickly
yeah and it was there wasn't right into
it as to be fast enough so everything
was getting buffered in memory oh okay I
misunderstood her yeah consider use a
pull-through as part of part of our pool
stream and that you know keeps just
queuing more stuff and that Kier is what
is running out of boys eating up all the
memory okay Jim or a week do either of
you have an update or have any questions
I don't really have much update but I
mean important in this week so I'm gonna
hang out with Araki Gazala
and he's doing this cool thing called
lunette so he's integrated jazz ipfs
into it so we went to do some
experimenting with that for switch
you
no updates on this end either but
hopefully we'll be getting things
together and getting more into the space
in general so it's very helpful to sort
of write out the kinds of problems you
guys were having and learn about them
cool all right if nobody has anything
else we are right at time so punctual
and everybody have a awesome week and
awesome time off for everybody who's
taking that off and we will see you all
next Monday bye everyone